entr: add page (#2613)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/entr.md

# entr

> Run arbitrary commands when files change.

- Rebuild with `make` if any files in any subfolders change:

> `ag -l | entr make`

Reviewer: Perhaps we could enclose `ag -l` and `make` in quotes? This denotes that they can be changed by the reader.

The same goes for the examples further down.

Reviewer: Oops! I meant the token syntax :P

Author: Aha, that makes more sense. I've added a commit (5d0376) that puts all non-flag commands in `{{` and `}}` brackets. Is that what you meant?

> - Rebuild and test with `make` if `.c` sources in current directory changes:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Rebuild and test with `make` if any `.c` source files in the current directory change:
```

`ls *.c | entr 'make && make test'`

> - Reload the MuPDF viewer whenever the source `.pdf` changes:

Reviewer: What's MuPDF? I'm unsure as to how this is different to the previous example.

Author: It's actually not different, just another example on how to send signals using the command. I've added an updated description below. Alternatively it could be left out. What are your thoughts?
```suggestion
- Reload a PDF viewer (`mupdf`) by sending a `SIGHUP` whenever any `.pdf` sources change in the current folder:
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I believe it can be left out.

`ls *.pdf | entr pkill -HUP mupdf`

> - Reload the spawned childprocess with `SIGTERM` before restarting:

Reviewer: Perhaps `subprocess` or `child process` would read better here?

Also, what exactly do you mean by "reload"?

Author: Is this more clear?
```suggestion
- The reload (`-r`) flag sends a `SIGTERM` to any previously spawned ruby subprocesses before executing `ruby main.rb`:
```

Reviewer: I think so! Perhaps we could trim it back to this?

```
Send a `SIGTERM` to any previously spawned ruby subprocesses before executing `ruby main.rb`
```

Author: Definitely! I've updated the commit.

`ls *.rb | entr -r ruby main.rb`

> - Run a command with the changed file (`/_`) as input:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Run a command with the changed file (`/_`) as an argument:
```
